Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

1) Try to include tests for all new features or significant bug fixes.

2) Properly document new public functions and interfaces. 

3) Follow the style conventions of the surrounding code. In most
   cases, this is standard TypeScript style.

   Favor returning early from a function or block over nesting. Always.

4) Do not submit whitepsace changes with code changes. The project is 
   not pedantic about trailing whitespace; if you have an editor that
   automatically strips trailing whitespace, you may want to turn
   that feature off.

5) Do not add dependencies, or submit code that cannot be MIT licensed.

6) Please don't submit a pull request for code that isn't merge-ready.
   If you want to discuss whether or not possible code changes should
   happen, do it over IRC, or Discord, or e-mail, not by opening up
   a pull request.


Issue Guidelines
----------------

1) Issues should only be created for things that are definitely bugs.
   If you want to request a feature, or have a question, do it through 
   another medium.

2) Once you are quite sure that it is a bug with the library, please 
   post a complete description of the issue alongside the simplest
   possible self-contained example showcasing the problem.


Code of Conduct
---------------

It is not the responsibility of the project's authors, contributors, or
maintainers to act as policemen or babysitters. Code and ideas will be
reviewed, considered, and dissected, with the sole consideration being
technical merit and quality. If you are easily offended by someone 
disagreeing with you, or hurt by having your ideas questioned, this 
may not be the best project for you.

However, it IS unacceptable to abuse or threathen individuals. If you 
feel that a person linked to this project has acted in a way that is not
acceptable, within the scope of the project, DO bring it up to a 
maintainer.

In short: attacking arguments and code -- however colourfully that may 
be -- is good, Attacking people for skin colour, sexual orientation, 
personal hygiene or preference in doughnuts is bad.
